DOCS-2305: Email corrections (#1306)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/tools/server2server/3d-dynamics.md

A different fee applies to non-3D Secure transactions. We may also charge a fee for implementing Dynamic 3D Secure. 

## Applying for Dynamic 3D Secure

> To apply to use Dynamic 3D Secure, email <sales@multisafepay.com>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email requests to use Dynamic 3D Secure to the Sales Team at <sales@multisafepay.com>
```
